# Recipe Application 
This is a command line application designed using C# and Visual Studio. This application is designed to capture and store details for a recipe and perform various functions on the recipe.
## Features 
- A user can enter the details of a recipe. They can enter details about the ingredients such as the number of ingredients used in the recipe, the ingredient name, the quantity of the ingredient and the unit of measurement of the ingredient and the user can enter details about the recipe steps such as the number of steps in the recipe and a description of each step. 
- The user can view the full recipe that they entered. 
- The user can scale the recipe. The ingredient quantities can be scaled by half, double or triple. 
- The user can reset the recipe back to its original values after scaling the recipe. 
- The user can clear all the data and enter a new recipe. 
## Running The Application 
- As soon as a user starts running the application, they will be required to enter the details for a recipe. 
- The user will have to input the number of ingredients. 
- Depending on the number of ingredients, the user will be asked to input the ingredient name, the ingredient quantity and unit of measurement for each ingredient. 
- Once the user has entered the ingredients details, they will be prompted to enter the number of steps in the recipe. 
- Depending on the number of steps, the user will be asked to input a description for each step in the recipe. 
- Once the user has inputted the step descriptions, a menu with 4 options will appear where the user will have to input the number that corresponds with the option they they want to choose. 
- If the user enters 1, the recipe details that they entered will be displayed. The headings of the recipe such as 'Ingredients' and 'Steps' will be displayed in blue. The ingredient details will be displayed under the heading 'Ingredients' in a list and in light yellow. The description of each steps will be numbered by the order that they were inputted by the user and will be displayed under the heading 'Steps' in light yellow. 
- Once the recipe details have been displayed, the menu with 4 options will display again. The menu will keep being displayed until the user chooses to exit the application. 
- If the user enters 2 on the menu, the recipe will be scaled. The user will be asked to scale the recipe by half, double or triple. If the user enters 1, the recipe quantities will be halved, if the user enters 2, the recipe quantities will be doubled and if the user enters 3, the recipe quantities will be tripled. The user will be asked if they want to view the scaled recipe. The user will have to enter 'y' for 'yes' or 'n' for 'no'. If the user enters 'yes' the scaled recipe will be printed. The user will then be asked if they want to reset the recipe back to its original values. The user needs to enter 'y' for 'yes' or 'n' for 'no'. If the user enters 'y' for 'yes', they will be asked whether they want to view the recipe once it has been reset but if the user enters 'n' for 'no', they will return back to the menu with the 4 options. If the user enters 'y' when asked if they want to view the recipe once it has been scaled, the recipe with its original values will be displayed and then the menu with the 4 options will be displayed again. 
- If the user inputs 3 as a menu option, they are going to be clearing all the data and will be prompted to enter details for a new recipe. The user will be asked to confirm whether they want to clear the data before the data gets cleared. The user will have to enter 'y' to approve that they want the data to be cleared or 'n' to stop the data from being cleared. If the user enters 'y', the command line application will be cleared and the whole process of the user being prompted to enter recipe details and the menu with the 4 options will be displayed again. If the user enters 'n' to stop the data from being cleared, they will see the menu with 4 options again. 
- If the user inputs 4 as a menu option, the application will close. 
- If the user enters any other number aside from 1,2,3 or 4 when entering a menu option, they will get a message saying their input option is invalid and will be prompted to re-enter a number until it is a valid option. 
In order to stop the application from running or to exit the application, the user has to input 4 as a menu option. 
